Add registry storage configuration modules (#14390)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/registry-configuring-storage-baremetal.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//* architecture/installation-.adoc

[id="registry-configuring-storage-baremetal_{context}"]
= Configuring registry storage for bare metal

During installation, you must configure your registry to use storage.

.Prerequisites

* A cluster on bare metal.
* PV with `ReadWriteMany` access mode.
* Must have "100Gi" capacity.

.Procedure

. To configure your registry to use storage, change the `spec.storage.pvc` in
the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.

. Provide a suitable persistent volume, such as Azure File or NFS.

. Verify you do not have a registry pod:
+
----
$ oc get configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io/cluster -o yaml
----

. Check the registry configuration:
+
----
$ oc edit configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io

storage:

> ----

Reviewer: $oc edit configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io
  storage:
    pvc:
      claim: 

If you leave the claim name to be blank, a pvc named **image-registry-storage** will be created automatically.

. Check the `clusteroperator` status:
+
----
$ oc get clusteroperator image-registry
----
+
There will be warning similar to:
+
----

> - lastTransitionTime: 2019-03-26T12:45:46Z

Reviewer 2: This makes it look like your storage is still not configured. Is that right? If you wait and run the command again, should you see a different message?

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/registry
//* architecture/installation-.adoc

[id="registry-configuring-storage-aws-upi-{context}"]
= Configuring registry storage for bare metal

During installation, you must configure your registry to use storage.

.Prerequisites

* A cluster on bare metal

> * PV with `ReadWriteMany` access mode

Reviewer: Not only with `ReadWriteMany` access mode, but also with "100Gi" capacity.

.Procedure

​. Change the `spec.storage.pvc`in the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.

. Provide a suitable persistent volume, such as GlusterFS.

////
. Verify you do not have a registry pod:
+
----
$ oc
----

. Check the registry configuration:
+
----
$ oc edit configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io

storage:
---

. Check the `clusteroperator` status:
+
----
$
----
+
There will be warning similar to:
+
----
- lastTransitionTime: 2019-03-26T12:45:46Z
message: storage backend not configured
reason: StorageNotConfigured
status: "True"

> type: Failing

Reviewer: "Failing" is changed to "Degraded" now:https://github.com/openshift/api/pull/287

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * architecture/registry
//* architecture/installation-.adoc

[id="registry-configuring-storage-baremetal-{context}"]
= Configuring registry storage for bare metal

During installation, you must configure your registry to use storage.

.Prerequisites

* A cluster on bare metal.
* PV with `ReadWriteMany` access mode.
* Must have "100Gi" capacity.

.Procedure

​. Change the `spec.storage.pvc`in the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.

. Provide a suitable persistent volume, such as GlusterFS.

////
. Verify you do not have a registry pod:
+
----

> $ oc

Reviewer 3: `oc get pods -n openshift-image-registry`

----

. Check the registry configuration:
+
----

> $ oc edit configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io

Reviewer 3: `oc get config.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io/cluster -o yaml`

Reviewer: $ oc get crd | grep image
configs.imageregistry.operator.openshift.io                 2019-05-09T06:04:54Z

storage:
---

. Check the `clusteroperator` status:
+
----

> $

Reviewer 3: `oc get clusteroperator image-registry`

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
//* architecture/installation-.adoc

[id="registry-configuring-storage-baremetal_{context}"]
= Configuring registry storage for bare metal

As a cluster administrator, following installation you must configure your
registry to use storage.

.Prerequisites

* Cluster administrator permissions.
* A cluster on bare metal.

> * PV with `ReadWriteMany` access mode, such as Azure File or NFS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A provisioned Persistent Volume with `ReadWriteMany` access mode, such as Azure File or NFS.
```
You may also want out-link to upstream docs on PVs: https://v1-13.docs.kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes/

* Must have "100Gi" capacity.

.Procedure

> . To configure your registry to use storage, change the `spec.storage.pvc` in

Author: @adambkaplan @dmage - would either of you be able to provide the procedures for these two steps or point me to where I can find them? Thanks!

. To configure your registry to use storage, change the `spec.storage.pvc` in
the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.

. Provide a suitable persistent volume.

the `configs.imageregistry/cluster` resource.

> . Provide a suitable persistent volume.

Reviewer 3: @bmcelvee I'd consider this out of scope for this portion of the doc - the assumed prerequisite is that the cluster admin provisioned storage that can be satisfied via a PVC.
